## Hi there!
I'm Montse, a PHP full stack developer, most comfortable when working with a TDD workflow.

From Jan24 to Sept25 I worked at a consulting firm as backend developer on an international project, occasionally taking frontend tasks as needed. 
I come from a science background so I'm naturally drawn to analytical work, and standarized workflows.

I graduated in 2023 in Multimedia design and interaction techniques, with a focus on user experience, as can be seen in my project [TF_TIDM](https://github.com/MGuardF/TF_TIDM)

## 🔭 I’m currently working on...
### Data Analysis:
A data analysis of the output generated by the project [Pokebot-gen3](https://github.com/40Cakes/pokebot-gen3), as it runs on [Shiny Pokémon Bot - Emerald](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W6OOnrx8g5), using Python.

My main goal is to generate a tool that automatically reaches for the data the admins post on their gdrive and returns the updated visualizations.
Said visualizations would include, first and foremost, a comparison between the shiny vs antishiny encounter rates, as that's the main problem I want to study. Given each phase ends when a shiny is encountered, and shiny and antishiny have the same spawn rate probablity, I'd expect the antishiny count to be lower than the overall shiny count (which, at the time of writing, is 812 for a bit under 6.42M encounters).
Other visualizations will be added as I work, including the longest and shortest phases, the longest chains, and, if possible, the time spent on each route for each hunt, as to get an accurate timeframe spent in said area- A pokémon with a low encounter rate can still have a short phase since the last shiny encountered, disregarding the time actually spent on the route hunting for it.

### Game Development:
I collaborate in the creation of _Iris Blade_. I'm currently designing map modules, while also making small improvements to the editor's interface, to optimize my workflow and make the iterative process less painful. Our goal is to have a first playtest ready within the month. Once that's packed and ready for testing I'll move on to script writing and character design, and once the story is set I'll go back to map design, UI design, and testing.
I also collaborate in the maintenance of _Carrot Survivors_ [Available on Steam](https://store.steampowered.com/app/2788950/Carrot_Survivors/), where I'm currently working on the localization of the interfaces from the original English to Spanish and Catalan.

### Open Source Projects:
I'm an active member of the Team Catalan of the Translation Committee in the Organization for Transformative Works (OTW), as translator, beta reader and uploader. My tasks range from the translation of regular news posts and budget reports up to policy abuse reports for the moderation team, as well as the final formatting and posting of said posts.

## 📫 How to reach me: 
Find me on Linkedin https://www.linkedin.com/in/mguardiaf/

<!--
**MGuardF/MGuardF** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
